Here is the second of three save files I had ready to upload for the Master
Quest edition of Zelda OOT.  The first one (mq-child.sra) I ended up just not
uploading at all because it wasn't as organized as this one and mq-final.sra.
Hopefully in the not-so-distant future I'll end up supplying a good SRAM for
the three spiritual stone dungeons and bosses as well.

These MQ saves should be compatible with the non-MQ editions of OOT, so if
you were just looking for some organized save files for OOT but do not have an
MQ ROM, these should still load anyway when given the file name of a non-MQ
ROM, though I'll admit to not attempting that myself.  I do know that all of my
regular OOT saves loaded up just fine on the Master Quest edition, since MQ is
mostly just OOT with rearranged dungeon skulltulas and items (as far as the
save data bits are concerned).  I suppose things like the Gerudo Training
Ground (only 3 keys and locked doors in the maze, not 10 as with non-MQ) should
yield some interesting differences in appearance when using the same SRAM.

Otherwise, if you're concerned about the relevance of every single bit in the
SRAM to not be set for MQ-specific reasons, there is always the set of SRAMs
for OOT that natnatertatertot uploaded.  If you have those on-disk already,
cool.  If not, ...well, too late since multiple people had questions about them
due to the fact that they were made from cheat codes without declaring it.

File 1:  "Link"
  * Light Medallion collected
  * Forest Temple solved w/ Farore's Wind set to the room before Phantom Ganon
  * Forest Temple boss not yet defeated--do it yourself. >.>
  * Epona, Bigmoron's Sword and all that stuff not requiring arrows or beating
    the Forest Temple yet are all unlocked.
  * Barely managed to get the Gerudo Membership Card and free the carpenters to
    fix the bridge without getting the Hero's Bow yet.  This could have waited.
  * Killed and sold all 10 of those annoying Big Poes in Hyrule Field to get
    the fourth empty bottle early on.  I definitely needed a guide for this.
File 2:  "Link"
  * Forest Medallion collected
  * Fire Temple solved, with Farore's Wind set to the room before Volvagia
  * Fire Temple boss not yet defeated--do it yourself. >.>
File 3:  "Link"
  * Fire Medallion collected
  * Water Temple solved, with Farore's Wind set to the hallway up to Morpha
  * Water Temple boss defeated for you...nope just kidding. >.>

I think all three of these game files have every upgrade you can get as far as
inventory things go, including the two quiver upgrades I got in-between getting
the Hero's Bow from the Forest Temple without actually fighting the boss yet.

There were two upgrades for Deku Stick capacity that I found as a kid--one you
can buy from a Deku Scrub in the Lost Woods and another you got by wearing the
Skull Mask at that underground panel of Deku judges near the entrance to the
Sacred Forest Meadow.

There were also two upgrades for both the Bomb Bag and Deku Seed bag, but I'd
think everyone already knows about those.  They're hard to miss.  There was
only one upgrade for Deku Nut capacity that I am aware of, bought from a
business scrub underground in the Lost Woods.  Let me know if there's another.

The Scarecrow's Song I have set for this game is just performed by mashing
A and C-down back and forth until Pierre pops up.  That was the only way I was
able to get the Fire Arrows in File 3 without beating Morpha and filling up
Lake Hylia yet.  I was relieved to find you only needed to shoot an arrow at
the sun to get the Fire Arrow upgrade, and beating the Water Temple boss was
merely just extra credit for reaching the platform more easily.  I made a habit
of killing all the skulltulas in every temple right before saving with the boss
ready to fight, and there was one in the Water Temple in MQ that needs Fire
Arrows to collect the token from. >.<

Yes, yes, there's an extra Small Key in the Water Temple that went un-used.  Do
a web search on it or whatever; it's an infamous bug in the MQ edition that
went uncaught by the developers.  It affects everyone.