This data will only load for the first-ever Japanese release of Zelda Majora's
Mask--not the USA/Europe releases, not the (J) 1.1 good dump, only (J) 1.0.

Reason why is that this is the only version of the game to use the old format
for save data (including but not limited to the ability to use up to 3 files
as in File 1, File 2, File 3 and not just 1 and 2, the inability to save by
using owl statues, and several beta item codes for the pause subscreen that
were removed in the USA, European, and subsequent Japanese releases).

Besides the leaked debug ROM in PAL, this is also the original and only ROM
version to still have the test scene still leftover along with other stuff.
(Not to mention all the bugs...I don't think TCRF/Wiki even lists them all.)

The first file (nzsj-1.fla) is broken down as follows:
  * File 1:  Automatic save done internally by the game without using the
             Song of Time.  Collected 99 rupees before entering Termina.
  * File 2:  Recovered the Ocarina of Time and collected the first four
             heart pieces possible while stuck beginning as Deku Link.
  * File 3:  Defeated Odolwa and learned the double-radius sword spin.
             Kafei/Anju quest:  Completed up to Postman's Hat reward.

The second file (nzsj-2.fla) I have allocated as follows:
  * File 1:  Defeated Goht and enhanced magic meter reservoire.
             Kafei/Anju quest:  Nullified by Blast Mask reward.
  * File 2:  Defeated Gyorg and doubled defensive power.
             Kafei/Anju quest:  Nullified by shooting Sakon in the ass with an
             arrow and blowing up the Big Bomb Bag AND him.  This precludes
             most rewards but not the All-Night Mask, which was all I wanted.
  * File 3:  Defeated Twinmold and acquired the Great Fairy Sword.
             Kafei/Anju quest:  Completed - Couple's Mask + 6th empty bottle

Except for the heart piece requiring the Couple's Mask (which itself takes
forever to get), all heart pieces are collected sans those on the moon,
which you get to see all the first-time cinema for yourself because I didn't go
there yet.  ...And, the underground heart piece in the fields outside Great Bay.
One of those things I assumed I'd gotten already but found out just now I didn't
but am too lazy to fix.  It's easy; collect it yourself.

Only reason why I knew that was because I ran the following command on my save
file using the Zelda Majora's Mask save editor program I wrote years back.

./zs ~/saves/n64/nzsj-2.fla -@ 2 -v

Output:

Missing heart pieces:
	16.  Mayor Dotour (Nintendo Power #8)
	21.  Bio Deku Baba Grotto (Nintendo Power #21)
	49.  Moon Dungeons (Deku) (Nintendo Power #49)
	50.  Moon Dungeons (Goron) (Nintendo Power #50)
	51.  Moon Dungeons (Zora) (Nintendo Power #51)
	52.  Moon Dungeons (Link) (Nintendo Power #52)

And no, neither of the files uploaded by me were touched by my save editor,
by any hacking or by any cheating.
